hi guys my name is Steven welcome to
video number eight in this series where
I'm building a login registration system
with codeigniter what I'll be doing in
this video is I'll make the read the
restricted view I will create a login
form or log out button essentially on
the members view which will log you out
store your session data and that way we
can actually check whether our members
page is secure or not
so because we can't actually right now
so here's our members view first thing
I'll actually create a little a link
it's what I want and this is just gonna
link to a to a method on one of our
controllers so we'll go Jeff we actually
need to echo the base name first so our
base URL dot and then we'll say main
slash log out logo - okay perfect and
then right here we'll say oh sweet now
I'll go to our members page see if we
see if it's working we say password log
descend no problem click on the log up
button and it redirects us to the logout
function so we can actually write that
now we'll go made up PHP and at the
bottom we'll go public function out no
we're gonna do here is we'll go this
session I believe it's called some check
here cess under destroy yeah okay
okay so what that does is it'll destroy
all of your session data so you can't
see it anymore and it's just gone it'll
be completely deleted from the browser
in a very secure way and after that
we're just gonna redirect to the login
page log Beauty and now let's try it out
refresh this now we assume that the
session data has been destroyed because
we've also been redirected we didn't get
any errors but what happens if I
actually try and go manually go to the
members page now it sends me to the
restricted page because if you remember
when I create the session right here I
pass in a data array and I check is
logged in or whatever and then in the
members I actually check if they're
logged in before I give them access to
the members view or else I redirect them
to the restricted view so I'll actually
go and create that restricted view right
now why do I have a problem spelling a
word should be good excellent
I'll just copy this code this let's say
you do not access this page fresh
excellent cool so now I can go back to
the login page or will make another
little link here which will send us back
to the login page a echo base URL and
depend main
looks good all right there click this
sends me back to the lot perfect
so now check that again hello welcome
comm logged in it's all good
click logout log this out suite can
access the members page send this to the
stricted page so we just go back to the
login perfect in the next video we'll be
starting I'll probably start building
the form for the email registration
section of the website which is
obviously the next thing that we'll do
where users can sign up by entering
their email - and the password twice so
they confirm it it'll send them an email
with a randomly generated key attached
to a link so and they click the link
it'll send it back to a controller which
we then handle then we know you'll see
it'll be cool thanks for watching